SONARJAVA-4482 Modify S1130 rewrite Why is this an issue in LaYC form, refactor exceptions (#1987)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1130/java/rule.adoc

* in interface `default` methods
* in overriding and implementating methods
* in non-private methods that only `throw`, have empty bodies, or a single return statement.
* in overridable methods (non-final, or not member of a final class, non-static, non-private), if the exception is documented with a proper JavaDoc

[source,java]
----
interface MyInterface {
  default void defaultMethod() throws IOException {
    System.out.println("Hi!");
  }
  void doSomething() throws IOException;
}

class A implements MyInterface {
  @Override
  void doSomething() throws IOException {
    System.out.println("Hi!");
  }

  public void emptyBody() throws IOException {}

  protected void singleThrowStatement() throws IOException {
    throw new UnsupportedOperationException("This method should be implemented in subclasses");
  }

  Object singleReturnStatement() throws IOException {
    return null;
  }

  /**
   * @throws IOException Overriding classes may throw this exception if they print values into a file
   */
  protected void overridable() throws IOException { // no issue, method is overridable and the exception has proper javadoc
    System.out.println("foo");
  }
}
----

> Also, the rule won't raise issues on `RuntimeException`, or one of its descendants, because explicating runtime exceptions which could be thrown can ultimately help the method's users, and can even be considered as good practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the rule will not raise issues on `RuntimeException`, or one of its sub-classes, because documenting runtime exceptions which could be thrown can ultimately help users of the method understand its behavior.
```
